---
layout: post
title: J
subtitle: Sublime Beauty
cover-img:
thumbnail-img:
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg
tags: [J, mate]
---

<!-- TEXT HERE -->
J. I don't know how I came to see what was lying underneath. But it was quite some finding. It was perhaps first year when I came to notice things. There was something unusual about her that really attracted me. Maybe it was her features. It definitely was her features. She is a petite babe with a beautiful face, perky tits and a decent ass. They are worth teasuring.

She has a distinct look. A mix of innocence and naughty. I did had the opportunity to talk about sex and physical things with her but she seemed uninterested in them. What the fuck does she want in a relationship then? I do know she is greatly interested in relationship and marriage. What does she expect will happen after marriage? Her husband will just go around and caress her? If it were me I would fuck her for a whole week non-stop. She deserves such a fuck. Haughty slut. I would degrade her in every possible way. In another view, she is very loveable. Decent face, petite body. She looks amazing in sari. She is tall enough. So hugging her won't give a titjob vibe. She is quite fashionable. Though she was looking pretty fucking terrible with her makeups in the party. Natural makeup suits her. She would make an agreeable wife. I never did or had the slightest interest in marrying her for she is just not my type but cherishing her as a wife is an experience I can get behind.
